as always a papo to learn and
guide us on issues of associativity
solidarity today will explain that this
differential focus hi dad
hello daiana and hello to all of us
tune in to this time in organizations
solidarity tv in institutional signal the
public media system like you
You know my role is to accompany them and
guide them in the topic of entrepreneurship
associative solidarity today we will be
talking about the differential approach but
that differential approach
I do not know
I do not have clarity about the concept
it's because it's aimed at populations
specific
good as we see it is necessary to clarify the
topic
the differential approach is to recognize and
make the existence of
populations that by their characteristics
individuals by reason of their age gender
sexual orientation ethnic group and
Disability situation should receive
special treatment in terms of
humanitarian aid attention assistance and
protection of the rights of this
population
the differential approach plays a role
important as a tool that should
handle all public officials and in
special those institutions whose
obligation is to ensure the good and
the enjoyment of the rights of
citizens as is the case with
persons remember that the approach
differential allows
and make visible the recrudescence of
violence and the violation of rights
humans in a systematic way to
populations and groups considered
historically and culturally as
discriminatory criteria evidence the
absence of public policies with
rights approach pointing out the
difficulties and resistances for
recognize inequalities asymmetries
vulnerability and needs of
populations considered as different
show the invisibility and vision
limited on the characteristics of
said populations if you have concerns
want to do some paperwork or have
General order consultations I invite you to
chat with me every Tuesday and
Thursday from 8 am to 12 pm on the web portal
www.solidaridad.org dot com we are
soon chao chao